TODO.md, before:

# TODO List

IMMEDIATE NEXT:

- dotenv-out + serverless.yml
- social auth?
- remove "sly-\*" github actions in create-scaffoldly-app

ASSISTED BACKEND:

- AWS Role Assume for Deploy
- Custom Domains

OTHER:

- embed saml.to
- add openapi-types to serverless-tsoa
- cleanup package.json and bump versions
- mute vite log outputc
- development builds / react browser plugin
- eslint peer dependencies from react-scripts and yarn install
- switch from supervisord to docker compose for localstack
- env vars into src/env.ts from serverless.yaml
- update README
- support for Layers
- unit/integration tests
- filters on topics and queues
- Websockets
- Handle message failures
- publish client libraries
- handle errors in offline resources when localstack is restarted
- pull request deploy
- s3 handler
- kinesis handler
- source maps
- annotations for apidocs
- reduce memory footprint
- add xray
- seed data into ddb
- add localstack pods back
- experiment with labda layers
- "welcome to codespaces message"

CONTRIBUTIONS:

- [tj-actions/branch-names@v8]: output normalized names in snakeCase, pascalCase, etc

BUGS:

- [localstack] eventBridge.schedule does not update?
- [localstack] events don't send when input is set?
- [serverless-offline] does NODE_OPTIONS=--enable-source-maps even work?
- [vendia/serverless-express] input might not work (might be failing in remote lambda?)

Commit message:

S3 Buckets and Events (#14)
* add a bucket

* subscribe to s3 events

* set existing

* use Fn::GetAtt for bucket domain

* try uploads on aws proper

* add multer back

* file downloads

* fix VersioningConfiguration

* allow S3

* expose content-disposition

* debug logging

* log current invoke

* uploads/downloads working

* v1 payload

* cleanup

* disable event bridge

* switch to feature

* back to regular devcontainer

* serverless-offline-resources@1.x

* @aws-sdk/client-s3@3.x

* use aws-serverless-express feature

TODO.md, after:

# TODO List

IMMEDIATE NEXT:

- dotenv-out + serverless.yml
- social auth?
- remove "sly-\*" github actions in create-scaffoldly-app

ASSISTED BACKEND:

- AWS Role Assume for Deploy
- Custom Domains

OTHER:

- [sor] handle localstack restarts while app is running
- devcontainer feature that does supervisor stuff
- embed saml.to
- add openapi-types to serverless-tsoa
- cleanup package.json and bump versions
- mute vite log outputc
- development builds / react browser plugin
- eslint peer dependencies from react-scripts and yarn install
- switch from supervisord to docker compose for localstack
- env vars into src/env.ts from serverless.yaml
- update README
- support for Layers
- unit/integration tests
- filters on topics and queues
- Websockets
- Handle message failures
- publish client libraries
- handle errors in offline resources when localstack is restarted
- pull request deploy
- s3 handler
- kinesis handler
- source maps
- annotations for apidocs
- reduce memory footprint
- add xray
- seed data into ddb
- add localstack pods back
- experiment with labda layers
- "welcome to codespaces message"

CONTRIBUTIONS:

- [ddb-table]: return ALL_NEW on put operation?

BUGS:

- [localstack] eventBridge.schedule does not update?
- [localstack] events don't send when input is set?
- [serverless-offline] does NODE_OPTIONS=--enable-source-maps even work?
- [vendia/serverless-express] input might not work (might be failing in remote lambda?)
